// File contains some of the interview questions that I have faced during my interviews.
//The count will keep increasing as I face the questions

Csharp Questions: (focus more on abstraction and interface)
1) Explain OOPS concepts
2) Tell me the difference between abstraction and interface
3) Can I create an object of an abstract class
4) Tell me how I can do explicit interface
5) Explain thread and task in c#
6) What is LINQ?
7) What is ref and out?
8) What is a reference variable?
9) Can you add abstraction in interface?
10) What is arraylist?
11) Explain what is tuple?
12) checked exception vs unchecked exception.
13) Explain polymorphism
14) Types of constructor
15) Static class (do some theory, whats the use, disadvantages vs advantages)
16) What is the difference between '==' and .Equals()?
17) What is extension methods and how can you create it?
18) What does select and where in LINQ?
19) What are the design pattern of class? And which one do you use?
20) What is set?
21) Method overloading and method overriding.
22) How do we create customized exceptions?
23) Can you have multiple inheritance in c#? how?

Csharp Coding questions:
1) Array Sorting
2) Reverse a string
3) From a given string find out how many characters are repeated. Example: string = "GirishGaikwad", first get a unique characters from this string
and then check how many times it has reoccured.
4) Prime Numbers
5) Swap two numbers. Example, a=10, b=20. output should a=20, b=10
6) Reverse a number. Example a=123456, output should be 654321

Selenium Question:
1) What is absolute Xpath and relative xpath? And which one to use?
2) Read about xpath axes like child, parent etc and see how they are used.
3) How to work with frames?
4) How to handle windows popups?
5) Is webdriver interface or normal class?
6) Explain waits?
7) What is stale element exception and how will you handle it?
8) How will you handle any exception?
9) How to deal with broken image or link?
10) How will you read any attribute using xpath?
11) How to get value of a element when its not getting logged anywhere in webpage?
12) Do Xpath practice and some may ask you to create xpath for some page. Also have a practive of creating xpath without using inspect.

Framework related questions:
1) Which framework you are using?
2) Explain your framework?
3) How is your project structure looks like?
4) What kind of code Maintainability you do?
5) How do you run test case multiple times?
6) How do you run test cases parallely?
7) What is Page factory object/class?
8) how to reduce time taken to run tests.
9) Framework is datadriver or keyword driver or hybrid?
10) How will you develop a framework from scratch?

BDD framework:
1) Explain BDD framework
2) Why should we use it?
3) What is Given, when and then?
4) How to pass multiple input in BDD?
5) How to pass once scenrio output to other?
6) What is background and before hooks?
7) how do you create step definition?

Common questions in framework:
1) How to read data from excel?
2) How to read data from json?
3) How to read data from config file?

CI/CD:
understand how its done in your project.
Learn jenkins and how its done
Read about git on how its used for your code repo
